README.md, before:

# react-native-starter-kit

## Packages

> Native modules

- [wix/react-native-navigation](https://wix.github.io/react-native-navigation/v2/#/)
- [joltup/rn-fetch-blob](https://github.com/joltup/rn-fetch-blob)
- [react-native-community/react-native-camera](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-camera)
- [react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient)
- ~~[https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image](https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image)~~

> Pure JS Libraries

- [facebook/react-native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)
- [facebook/react](https://github.com/facebook/react)
- [acdlite/recompose](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose)
- [reduxjs/redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux)
- [reduxjs/react-redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/react-redux)
- [reduxjs/redux-thunk](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-thunk)
- [rt2zz/redux-persist](https://github.com/rt2zz/redux-persist)
- [redux-saga/redux-saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga)
- [kfiroo/react-native-cached-image](https://github.com/kfiroo/react-native-cached-image)
- [styled-components/styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)
- ...

## Docs

- [Common issues](./docs/issues.md)

## Getting Started

```
# clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/williamnvk/react-native-starter-kit YourAppName
cd YourAppName
# install dependencies
yarn install
```

### To rename your project

```
yarn global add react-native-rename
or
npm install react-native-rename -g
# and run

react-native-rename YourAppName
```

### Run on android

```
react-native run-android
```

### Run on IOS

> not available now

```
react-native run-ios
```

### Debugging

The debugging is with a Reactotron, [installation](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/blob/master/docs/installing.md).

### Author

William Novak <williamnvk@gmail.com>

Commit message:

update package.json, updated README.md and add license file

README.md, after:

# react-native-starter-kit

## Installed and configured packages

> Native modules

- [wix/react-native-navigation](https://wix.github.io/react-native-navigation/v2/#/)
- [joltup/rn-fetch-blob](https://github.com/joltup/rn-fetch-blob)
- [react-native-community/react-native-camera](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-camera)
- [react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient](https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-linear-gradient)
- ~~[https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image](https://github.com/DylanVann/react-native-fast-image)~~

> Pure JS Libraries

- [facebook/react-native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)
- [facebook/react](https://github.com/facebook/react)
- [acdlite/recompose](https://github.com/acdlite/recompose)
- [reduxjs/redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux)
- [reduxjs/react-redux](https://github.com/reduxjs/react-redux)
- [reduxjs/redux-thunk](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux-thunk)
- [rt2zz/redux-persist](https://github.com/rt2zz/redux-persist)
- [redux-saga/redux-saga](https://github.com/redux-saga/redux-saga)
- [kfiroo/react-native-cached-image](https://github.com/kfiroo/react-native-cached-image)
- [styled-components/styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components)
- ...

## Docs

- [Common issues](./docs/issues.md)

## Getting Started

1. System Requirements

- Globally installed node
- Globally installed react-native CLI

2. Installation

On the command prompt run the following commands

```
# clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/williamnvk/react-native-starter-kit YourAppName
cd YourAppName
# install dependencies
yarn install
```

### To rename your project

```
yarn global add react-native-rename
or
npm install react-native-rename -g
# and run

react-native-rename YourAppName
```

3. Simulate for Android

> Make sure you have an Android emulator installed and running or device is plugged.

Run the following command in your terminal

```
react-native run-android
```

4. Simulate for IOS

> not available now

```
react-native run-ios
```

5. Debugging

The debugging is with a Reactotron, [installation](https://github.com/infinitered/reactotron/blob/master/docs/installing.md).

---

## Contributing

If you find any problems, please [open an issue](https://github.com/williamnvk/react-native-starter-kit/issues/new) or submit a fix as a pull request.

We welcome new features, but for large changes let's discuss first to make sure the changes can be accepted and integrated smoothly.

[MIT](./LICENSE) License

### Author

William Novak <williamnvk@gmail.com>
